Pen:

1. Verify the Material of the Pen
2. Verify the Colour ink
3. Verify the quality of ink
4. Verify the quantity of ink
5. Verify the tip of the pen (ball, gel)
6. Verify the Condition of the pen
7. Verify the refil of the pen
8. Verify the weigth of the pen
9. Verify the size of the pen
10. Verify the brand of the pen
11. Verify the smootness of the pen
12. Verify the shape of the pen
13. Verify the durability of the ink
14. Verify the price of the pen
15. Verify the cap of the pen

Ceiling Fan:

1. Verify the quality fan
2. Verify the Condition of the Fan
3. Verify the size of the fan
4. Verify the brand/Company of the fan
5. Verify the shape of the fan
6. Verify the durability of the fan
7. Verify the weigth of the fan
8. Verify the price of the Fan
9. Verify the Material of the Fan
10.Verify the Colour of the Fan
11. Verify the deesign of the fan
12. Verify the balde of the fan
14. Verify the speed of the fan
15. Verify the on/off functionality of the fan
16. Verify the blade alignment of the fan
17. check the ratings of the fan
18. Verify the waranty of the fan
19. Verify the requirement of the voltage
20. Verify the regulator switch board of the fan


Assignment: Write down the Test Scenario on Chair

Facebook: Email address and Password Test box

1. Verify the availibility of the Email and password test box.
2. Verify the Email and password test box is enabled or not
3. Verify user user should be able to enter all the charater in Email address test box
4. Verify the maximum length of character for Email address test box
5. Verify the UI of Email and password text box
6. Verify the Position of email and password text box
7. Verify the copy past functionality 
8. Verify the cursor should available in Email address text box
9. Verify the Water mark dispaly in email and password text box
10. Verify password should display in encrypted format



Email ID Text box:

Verify the availibility of email ID testbox
Verify the position of email ID testbox
Verify the email ID testbox accept all the characters
Verify the email id filed With the Plus sign is considered a valid character.
Verify email id text box should be enabled
Verify the default text in email id text box



